Title: Data Analysis through dashboard


Description:
Single page application for desktop where users could register, upload
a spreadsheet with data and see the dashboard with graphs.

Extra functionalities:
Share spreadsheet through the internal system for other users to see (not edit);
Internal Form could be filled and the information would go to a spreadsheet;



Images:
project1_overview.png
project1_environment.png
project1_form_video.mov
project1_collections.png



Tech stack:

Frontend: React, Chart.js, apexcharts, bootstrap
Backend: 
Database: 
Publish site: 
Duration: 

------------------------

Title: Dynamic prediction of heating temperatura


Description:
Object-oriented programming to handle receiving a new temperature value through bluetooh 
and calculating updated predictions of when the food would reach a certain temperature.
Mathematical models like exponential, quadratic and linear models were used to predict the output 
that would be in how much time the food would reach an inputted temperature.
Models were compared through validating windows and different type of errors.



Images:



Tech stack:

Frontend: -
Backend: Python
Libraries/frameworks: Google Colab, matplotlib, numpy, pandas, sklearn
Database: -
Publish site: Workflow was done through Google Colab
Duration: This project lasted 5 months

------------------------

Title: Custom text editor


Description:
A simple frontend was created where the main part was a text editor with some custom and 
particular functionalities: The client wanted this for songwriters and the editor should allow 
collapsing paragraphs, seeing a paragraph counter, and allowing some paragraphs to be skipped in the count.

The complexity of this project was in the interaction between the user and the text editor. Almost everything
needed to be coded from scratch in Javascript, since I needed for example to display some text 
in the editor that was not the actual complete text given the collapsed lines.
Special care had to be considered to avoid losing the user's work.


Images:



Tech stack:

Frontend: React (mostly plain Javascript), html, css
Backend: Python, Django
Database: Postgresql for users and for storing the lyrics/text.
Publish site: Render
Duration: 1 month

------------------------

Title: Dashboard for Solar Energy Network


Description:
Web app with dashboard showing user's information of production and effectivity of their solar 
system (panels installed in their home, office, etc.).
There were two external APIs with the production information and one other API with the expected 
production information (PVWatts).
Depending on the installed system of the user the actual production was obtained from the 
corresponding API and compared with the expected production, showing a bar graph of the values per 
day, month or the whole year.


Images:



Tech stack:

Frontend: React, html, cssc, Chart.js, bootstrap
Backend: Python, Django
Database: Postgresql
Publish site: Heroku
Duration: 3 months

------------------------